SOURCE-URL: https://www.linework.com/magazine
ACCESSED: 2026-09-19
CHARS: 3131

Want a demo? Book one with our onboarding specialist — 30 minutes, no commitment.
Linework 🇳🇴
Features Studios Artists Pricing Magazine About us Contact Log in Create free account
Magazine
How to Grow Your Tattoo Business
So, you want to grow your tattoo business, but you’ve already browsed most of the basic, ineffective advice, right? At this point, you’re probably looking for unique guidance from a professional perspective – a few tips & tricks that you won’t find anywhere else. Well, you’ve come to the right place.
Opening a Tattoo Shop?
Here are our tried & true methods to get your tattoo business up, running, and raking in cash.
Top 8 Resources for Professional Tattoo Artists
While the mind of a tattoo artist is typically overflowing with ingenuity, inspiration, and the aching pang to create, there are likely times when it feels like the artistic well has run dry. Or, perhaps your well is filled to the brim and you’re merely looking to metamorphically add more tools to your kit.
Whatever your reason may be for accessing tattoo resources, we’ve got you covered with the top ten to keep you motivated and educated.
Linework Founder Kai Ree Tells All
Longtime tattoo artist and founder of Linework Kai Ree has been in the game for over 17 years. During that time, Kai has owned his own studio and managed four shops simultaneously, all the while being continuously forced to utilize unfit tools designed for other industries.
Predictably, this vast technological chasm often rendered Kai’s businesses inefficient. Desperate for a common stance and a solution, Kai shared his concerns with peers around the globe and soon realized this problem was not his own – the need for an administrative tattoo tool was astoundingly universal.
Kai took the time to talk about his experience in tattooing, why he exchanged his station for a software startup, and what makes Linework, well…work.
The Ultimate Guide to Becoming a Successful Tattoo Artist
The long list of “why” some tattoo artists’ careers just never take off is full of avoidable mistakes, most of which are rarely talked about. The key to becoming a successful tattoo artist doesn’t have to be a secret. That’s why we’ve created this comprehensive guide to get you there.
Tattoo Artist Ricardo Sturdivant Talks Life, Style, and Linework
From his unexpected beginnings in the industry to his realization that community and camaraderie are as essential to the craft as cartridges are to needles, expert tattooer Ricardo Sturdivant is no stranger to trial and error. In fact, even when it comes to tattoo studio software, Ricardo has had his fair share of failed ventures – until recently, that is.
What to Look for in a Tattoo Studio Software
From cost to compatibility, here are our 10 criteria for choosing the ultimate tattoo studio software to boost your tattoo business.
Linework Bookings, payments and shop management — all in one place. Built by tattooers, for tattooers.
Product
Features
Studios
Artists
Pricing
Company
About us
Magazine
Book a demo
Contact
Legal
Privacy policy
Terms of service
Made by Norwegians, launched in USA.
© 2026 Linework Inc.